Fri Feb  6 17:47:05 2015  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: register nodes when
	  dumping objects with custom coders. [ruby-core:66215] [Bug #10496]

	* test/psych/test_coder.rb: test for fix

Fri Feb  6 16:58:31 2015  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: fix support for regular
	  expressions with newlines. tenderlove/psych#222

	* test/psych/test_yaml.rb: test for change.

Thu Jan 29 02:34:27 2015  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: fix parsing hashes with
	  instance variables when it is referenced multiple times.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb: bump version
	* ext/psych/psych.gemspec: bump version
	* test/psych/test_hash.rb: test for fix

Fri Jan  9 07:13:55 2015  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: call `allocate` on hash
	subclasses.  Fixes github.com/tenderlove/psych/issues/196

	* test/psych/test_hash.rb: test for change

Fri Jan  9 06:58:43 2015  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: revive hashes with ivars

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: dump hashes with ivars.
	  Fixes github.com/psych/issues/43

	* test/psych/test_hash.rb: test for change

Sun Nov 23 13:11:24 2014  Sean Griffin  <sean@thoughtbot.com>

        * lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: Allow loading any BasicObject that
          defines #marshal_load, fixes #100
        * lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: Allow dumping any BasicObject that
          defines #marshal_dump

Sat Aug 30 06:39:48 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: fix NameError dumping and
	  loading. Fixes GH #85. Thanks @brentdax for the patch!
	* test/psych/test_exception.rb: test for fix

Sat Aug 30 06:23:40 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: fix loading strings that
	  look like integers but have a newline. Fixes GH #189
	* test/psych/test_string.rb: test for fix

Sat Aug 30 06:10:39 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: merge keys with a hash
	  should merge the hash in to the parent.
	* test/psych/test_merge_keys.rb: test for change. Fixes GH #202

Sat Aug 30 06:00:26 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: quoted "<<" strings
	  should not be treated as merge keys.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: hashes with keys
	  containing "<<" should roundtrip.
	* test/psych/test_merge_keys.rb: test for change. Fixes GH #203

Wed Aug  6 03:41:21 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: backwards compatibility for
	  hashes emitted by Syck. Github #198
	* test/psych/test_hash.rb: test for change.

Fri Jun  6 07:41:41 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: dump empty symbols with a
	  tag so that they can be parsed on input. [Bug #9873] [ruby-core:62825]
	* test/psych/test_symbol.rb: test for change

Sun May 25 11:35:41 2014  Zachary Scott  <e@zzak.io>

	* test/psych/*: YAML::ENGINE was removed in [Bug #8344]

2014-03-27  SHIBATA Hiroshi  <shibata.hiroshi@gmail.com>

	* ext/psych/yaml/scanner.c: merge libyaml 0.1.6
	* ext/psych/yaml/yaml_private.h: ditto

Sat Mar  1 11:08:00 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: support dumping Encoding
	  objects.

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: support loading Encoding
	  objects.

	* test/psych/test_encoding.rb: add test

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb: add version

Wed Feb  5 10:11:36 2014  Zachary Scott  <e@zzak.io>

        * ext/psych/yaml/config.h: bump libyaml to 0.1.5

Wed Feb  5 04:16:41 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/yaml/emitter.c: merge libyaml 0.1.5
	* ext/psych/yaml/loader.c: ditto
	* ext/psych/yaml/parser.c: ditto
	* ext/psych/yaml/reader.c: ditto
	* ext/psych/yaml/scanner.c: ditto
	* ext/psych/yaml/writer.c: ditto
	* ext/psych/yaml/yaml_private.h: ditto

Thu Jan  9 09:55:20 2014  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: dumping strings with
	  quotes should not have changed.  [ruby-core:59316] [Bug #9300]

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb: fixed missing require.

	* test/psych/test_string.rb: test

Wed Nov 27 06:40:18 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: fix support for negative
	  years.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: ditto
	* test/psych/test_date_time.rb: test for change.
	  Fixes: https://github.com/tenderlove/psych/issues/168

Wed Nov 27 04:46:55 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: fix regexp for matching TIME
	  strings.
	* test/psych/test_date_time.rb: test for change.
	  Fixes: https://github.com/tenderlove/psych/issues/171

Wed Nov  6 04:14:25 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: process merge keys before
	  reviving objects. Fixes GH psych #168
	* test/psych/test_merge_keys.rb: test for change
	  https://github.com/tenderlove/psych/issues/168

Wed Oct 30 03:25:10 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: make less garbage when
	  testing if a string is binary.

Wed Oct 30 03:08:24 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: string subclasses should
	  not be considered to be binary.  Fixes Psych / GH 166
	  https://github.com/tenderlove/psych/issues/166

	* test/psych/test_string.rb: test for fix

Fri Sep 20 23:44:07 2013  Zachary Scott  <e@zzak.io>

        * ext/psych/yaml/yaml.h: [DOC] fix typo by @GreenGeorge [Fixes GH-161]
          https://github.com/tenderlove/psych/pull/161

Fri Sep  6 02:37:22 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: use double quotes when
	  strings start with special characters.
	  [Fixes GH-157] https://github.com/tenderlove/psych/issues/157

	* test/psych/test_string.rb: test for change.

Thu Aug 29 02:40:45 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: invalid floats should be
	  treated as strings. 
	  [Fixes GH-156] https://github.com/tenderlove/psych/issues/156

	* test/psych/test_string.rb: test for change

Sat Jul  6 04:49:38 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: register time objects so
	  they are referenced as ids during output.
	* test/psych/test_date_time.rb: corresponding test.

Wed May 15 02:22:16 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb: Adding Psych.safe_load for loading a user
	  defined, restricted subset of Ruby object types.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/class_loader.rb: A class loader for
	  encapsulating the logic for which objects are allowed to be
	  deserialized.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/deprecated.rb: Changes to use the class loader
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/exception.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/json/stream.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/nodes/node.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/stream.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/streaming.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/json_tree.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/psych_to_ruby.c: ditto
	* test/psych/helper.rb: ditto
	* test/psych/test_safe_load.rb: tests for restricted subset.
	* test/psych/test_scalar_scanner.rb: ditto
	* test/psych/visitors/test_to_ruby.rb: ditto
	* test/psych/visitors/test_yaml_tree.rb: ditto

Sat Apr  6 02:54:08 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/exception.rb: there should be only one exception
	  base class. Fixes tenderlove/psych #125
	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb: require the correct exception class
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/syntax_error.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: ditto

Sat Apr  6 02:06:04 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: correctly register
	  self-referential strings. Fixes tenderlove/psych #135

	* test/psych/test_string.rb: appropriate test.

Fri Mar  1 09:15:00 2013  Zachary Scott <zachary@zacharyscott.net>

        * lib/psych.rb: specify in rdoc what object is returned in parser
          By Adam Stankiewicz [Github Fixes #133]

Fri Mar  1 03:22:00 2013  Zachary Scott <zachary@zacharyscott.net>

        * lib/psych.rb: rdoc for Psych overview by Adam Stankiewicz
          [Github Fixes #134]

Sun Feb  17 01:13:00 2013  Zachary Scott <zachary@zacharyscott.net>

        * lib/psych/y.rb: Document Kernel#y by Adam Stankiewicz
          [Github Fixes #127]

Fri Feb  8 08:53:27 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: fixing string quotation
	  when dumping Ruby strings. Thanks Ingy

	* test/psych/test_psych.rb: appropriate tests.

	* test/psych/test_yaml.rb: ditto

Fri Feb  8 08:50:42 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: change output reference
	  ids to be sequential numbers.

Thu Jan 17 10:48:56 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: use constants rather than
	  calculating Inf and NaN.

Sun Jan 13 16:40:00 2013  Zachary Scott <zachary@zacharyscott.net>

	* ext/psych/yaml/scanner.c: Typos by James Dabbs [Github Fixes #118]

Sat Jan 12 08:58:47 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: merge key values that
	  contain something besides a hash should be left in tact.

	* test/psych/test_merge_keys.rb: test for change

Thu Jan 10 04:23:07 2013  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: strip trailing dots from
	  floats so that Float() will not raise an exception.

	* test/psych/test_numeric.rb: test to ensure "1." can be loaded

	* test/psych/test_string.rb: make sure "1." can round trip

Sat Nov 17 12:03:41 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: avoid raising exceptions when
	  parsing Floats and Integers. Thanks riffraff [ruby-core:44426]
	* test/psych/test_numeric.rb: associated test

Sat Nov 17 11:26:36 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/core_ext.rb: move Kernel#y so that it can
	  manually be required as 'psych/y'.

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/y.rb: ditto

Tue Nov  6 09:37:57 2012  NARUSE, Yui  <naruse@ruby-lang.org>

	* ruby.c (load_file_internal): set default source encoding as
	  UTF-8 instead of US-ASCII. [ruby-core:46021] [Feature #6679]

	* parse.y (parser_initialize): set default parser encoding as
	  UTF-8 instead of US-ASCII.

Mon Oct 29 10:22:00 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/handlers/recorder.rb: added a class for
	  recording YAML parse and emit events.

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/handler.rb: adding a list of events so that
	  handler classes can more easily be meta-programmed.

	* test/psych/handlers/test_recorder.rb: tests for the change.

Sun Oct 28 10:12:15 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: `tree` should return the
	  same thing on every call.

	* test/psych/visitors/test_yaml_tree.rb: related test.

Sun Oct 28 10:05:03 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: YAML Tree object should
	  be able to take an emitter object as it's output.

	* test/psych/visitors/test_yaml_tree.rb: related test.

Thu Jul 19 09:33:46 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/emitter.c (initialize): allow a configuration object to be
	  passed to the constructor so that mutation isn't required after
	  instantiation.

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/handler.rb: add configuration object

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/emitter.rb: use configuration object if
	  extra configuration is present.

Fri May 18 01:28:21 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/parser.c (transcode_string): fix encoding index names.
	  Thanks markizko for reporting.

Wed May 16 05:11:29 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: fix a bug with string
	  subclass dumping and loading.

	* test/psych/test_array.rb: pertinent tests

	* test/psych/test_string.rb: ditto

Wed May 16 01:31:21 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: convert omap tagged maps to
	  Psych::Omap objects rather than hashes. [Bug #6425]

	* test/psych/test_omap.rb: pertinent test.

Wed May 16 01:15:45 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: keep a reference to
	  custom coders so that GC does not impact dumped yaml reference ids.

Mon Apr 30 04:43:53 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/json/yaml_events.rb: implicit styles should not
	  be changeable for JSON events.

Sat Apr  7 02:07:00 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/parser.c: fall back to any encoding if the external
	  encoding is wrong.  [ruby-core:44163]
	* test/psych/test_encoding.rb: fix test

Fri Mar  9 06:29:22 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb (load, parse): stop parsing or loading after
	  the first document has been parsed.

	* test/psych/test_stream.rb: pertinent tests.

Fri Mar  9 06:17:05 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb (parse_stream, load_stream): if a block is
	  given, documents will be yielded to the block as they are parsed.
	  [ruby-core:42404] [Bug #5978]

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/handlers/document_stream.rb: add a handler that
	  yields documents as they are parsed

	* test/psych/test_stream.rb: corresponding tests.

Tue Mar  6 02:31:20 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/core_ext.rb: only extend Kernel if IRB is loaded
	  in order to stop method pollution.

Tue Feb 28 10:28:51 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb: default open YAML files with utf8 external
	  encoding. [ruby-core:42967]
	* test/psych/test_tainted.rb: ditto

Fri Feb 24 13:54:33 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/parser.c: prevent a memory leak by protecting calls to
	  handler callbacks.
	* test/psych/test_parser.rb: test to demonstrate leak.

Fri Feb 24 08:08:38 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/parser.c: set parser encoding based on the YAML input
	  rather than user configuration.
	* test/psych/test_encoding.rb: corresponding tests.
	* test/psych/test_parser.rb: ditto
	* test/psych/test_tainted.rb: ditto

Fri Feb 10 03:41:31 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/parser.c: removed external encoding setter, allow parser
	  to be reused.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/parser.rb: added external encoding setter.
	* test/psych/test_parser.rb: test parser reuse

Wed Jan 18 12:49:15 2012  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: Added support for loading
	  subclasses of String with ivars
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: Added support for dumping
	  subclasses of String with ivars
	* test/psych/test_string.rb: corresponding tests

Sun Dec 18 12:42:48 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: BigDecimals can be restored
	  from YAML.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: BigDecimals can be dumped
	  to YAML.
	* test/psych/test_numeric.rb: tests for BigDecimal serialization

Sun Dec 18 12:03:13 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: Strings that look like dates
	  should be treated as strings and not dates.

	* test/psych/test_scalar_scanner.rb: corresponding tests.

Wed Dec  7 08:04:31 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb (module Psych): parse and load methods take
	  an optional file name that is used when raising Psych::SyntaxError
	  exceptions
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/syntax_error.rb (module Psych): allow nil file
	  names and handle nil file names in the exception message
	* test/psych/test_exception.rb (module Psych): Tests for changes.

Wed Nov 30 09:09:37 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/parser.c (parse): parse method can take an option file
	  name for use in exception messages.
	* test/psych/test_parser.rb: corresponding tests.

Tue Nov 22 04:46:22 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb: remove autoload from psych
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/json.rb: ditto

Thu Nov 17 10:36:46 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb (load_file): make sure opened yaml files are
	  also closed. [ruby-core:41088]

Wed Nov  9 04:52:16 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/tree_builder.rb: dump complex numbers,
	  rationals, etc with reference ids.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: ditto
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: loading complex numbers,
	  rationals, etc with reference ids.
	* test/psych/test_object_references.rb: corresponding tests

Mon Nov  7 20:31:52 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: make sure strings that look
	  like base 60 numbers are serialized as quoted strings.
	* test/psych/test_string.rb: test for change.

Wed Oct  5 02:50:27 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/syntax_error.rb: Add file, line, offset, and
	  message attributes during parse failure.
	* ext/psych/parser.c: Update parser to raise exception with correct
	  values.
	* test/psych/test_exception.rb: corresponding tests.

Wed Oct  5 01:52:16 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/parser.c (parse): Use context_mark for indicating error
	  line and column.

Tue Oct  4 06:29:55 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych.rb: calling `yaml` rather than `to_yaml`.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/nodes/node.rb: Rename `to_yaml` to just `yaml`
	  in order to avoid YAML::ENGINE switching from replacing this method.
	* test/psych/helper.rb: fix tests for method name change.
	* test/psych/test_document.rb: ditto
	* test/psych/visitors/test_emitter.rb: ditto

Tue Oct  4 06:20:19 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/scalar_scanner.rb: Match values against the
	  floating point spec defined in YAML to avoid erronious parses.
	* test/psych/test_numeric.rb: corresponding test.

Tue Oct  4 05:59:24 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: ToRuby visitor can be
	  constructed with a ScalarScanner.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: ScalarScanner can be
	  passed to the YAMLTree visitor.

Tue Oct  4 05:47:23 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: Define Regexp::NOENCODING
	  for 1.9.2 backwards compatibility.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: Fix Date string
	  generation for 1.9.2 backwards compatibility.

Fri Sep  2 04:05:25 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: emit strings tagged as
	  ascii-8bit as binary in YAML.
	* test/psych/test_string.rb: corresponding test.

Thu Aug 25 06:11:35 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/nodes/node.rb: default `to_yaml` encoding to be
	  UTF-8.
	* test/psych/test_encoding.rb: test yaml dump encoding.

Wed Jun 22 03:20:52 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: Fix cyclic references of
	  objects.  Thanks to CvX for reporting the bug and a test case.
	* test/psych/test_object.rb: test for cyclic object references.

Thu Jun  9 10:57:03 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: Hash subclasses can be read
	  from YAML files.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: Hash subclasses can be
	  dumped to YAML files.
	* test/psych/test_hash.rb: corresponding test.

Thu Jun  9 09:18:51 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: Ruby modules can be loaded
	  from YAML files.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: Ruby modules can be
	  dumped to YAML files.
	* test/psych/test_class.rb: corresponding test.

Thu Jun  9 09:05:04 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/to_ruby.rb: Ruby classes can be loaded
	  from YAML files.
	* ext/psych/lib/psych/visitors/yaml_tree.rb: Ruby classes can be
	  dumped to YAML files.
	* test/psych/test_class.rb: corresponding test.

Mon Jun  6 09:39:43 2011  Aaron Patterson <aaron@tenderlovemaking.com>

	* ext/psych/parser.c (parse): release event objects to plug memory
	leak.  Thanks Mark J. Titorenko!
